List all images of the workload resources (#42298)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/list-all-running-container-images.md

Pod is returned instead of a list of items.
{{< /note >}}

## List all images of the workload resources

Listing Pods may yield different results based on the Pods defined lifecycle.

The following example lists all the images possible run in the cluster, except 

> for Orphaned Pods created directly without using workload resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for {{< glossary_tooltip text="static" term_id="static-pod" >}} or standalone
Pods (standalone means Pods that you created directly without using workload resources).
```
What if someone is using a custom controller that manages Pods, though?

Author: I assume if a custom controller manages Pods directly it would be a Static Pod

```shell
kubectl get Deployment,ReplicaSet,StatefulSet,DaemonSet,Job,CronJob --all-namespaces \

>         -o=custom-columns='NAME:metadata.namespace,KIND:kind,NAME:metadata.name,IMAGE:..image'

Reviewer: What if the workload has more than one container?

Author: Here is an example for such case:

```
NAMESPACE   KIND          NAME                                           IMAGE
devops      StatefulSet   devops-database-mysql-cluster-mysql            quay.io/presslabs/mysql-operator-sidecar:0.4.0,percona@sha256:713c1817615b333b17d0fbd252b0ccc53c48a665d4cfcb42178167435a957322,percona@sha256:713c1817615b333b17d0fbd252b0ccc53c48a665d4cfcb42178167435a957322,quay.io/presslabs/mysql-operator-sidecar:0.4.0,prom/mysqld-exporter:master,quay.io/presslabs/mysql-operator-sidecar:0.4.0,quay.io/presslabs/mysql-operator-sidecar:0.4.0
```
